Add LTS to SPEC 0 (#389)
scientific-python/specs: spec-0000/index.md

Specifically, we recommend that:

> 1. Support for Python versions be dropped **3 years** after the next version of Python is released.

Reviewer: I am a bit confused about this. This seems like one more year of support for the non-LTS recommendation but I may be missing some context ...

For Python (yearly release cadence), "3 years after the next version is released" means "4 years since the initial release".

The [changes in chart.md](https://github.com/scientific-python/specs/pull/389/files#diff-4216c03ca697c0458f16ef08d3b5d832d4fad4f34565f0aef03526ff1cf84e65) seem to agree with this "one more year of Python support".

Reviewer 2: Good point. When talking about this correction of the _logic_, we've discussed only support for core package dependencies like NumPy. Since the time between releases is typically 6 months, we've actually discussed that we could drop support for an old version 18 months after the next version release. Since the release cadence of Python is annual, we could keep the same nominal time by making this _two_ years after the next release and still keep the same nominal schedule.

So one option is to change these numbers to 1.5 and 2. We could make *both* 2 years for simplicity, but indeed, that would change the nominal support time.

Author: Removed. See #409.

> 2. Support for core package dependencies be dropped **2 years** after the next version of the package is released.

Reviewer 2: A potential ambiguity might be avoided by
```suggestion
2. Support for core dependency versions be dropped **2 years** after the next version of the dependency is released.
```

> 2. Support for core dependency versions be dropped **2 years** after the next version of the dependency is released.

Reviewer 3: I think that is weird. Ipython releases every month, so that changes almost nothing. For a project that releases every year that extends support for a year. I don't think a project support should depends on the future release cadence that may or may not change. 

This also directly go against the principle of having a writing on the wall when dealing with companies to have a predictable end of life. I can see people getting presured "please don't release because we still need n-1 to be supported longer"

> {{< admonition note >}}

Reviewer 2: If I understand the admonition correctly, the recommendation is to provide at least the indicated support window and not much more, but we recognize that there may be extreme circumstances in which support for a core dependency must be dropped early (e.g. to support a critical bug fix). Since it is always true that projects may endorse a SPEC as good practice but not follow it for any reason, I'm not sure that the admonition is needed unless it's particularly important to highlight this example.

which is not backported to older versions.
{{< /admonition >}}

{{< admonition note >}}
Certain projects (e.g., projects that have more resources) may wish to provide long-term support (LTS) of an additional year.

> Specifically, for projects wishing to provide LTS we recommend that:

Reviewer 2: The first sentence is that all projects should adopt a common policy. This goes against that, so I think we should acknowledge it in some way. If we do not recommend one over the other, the first sentence might change to be "adopt one of two time-based poicies...". If we have a preference for the first but recognize the need for the other, we might acknowledge that here.
